Tallo compares real prices across Coles, Woolworths and Aldi, plus BWS, Liquorland and Dan Murphy's, so you always know where your shop is cheapest. Add all of your favourite products to your own customisable lists that you can import to your shopping list each time you shop, it is also easy to share lists to someone that might be heading to the shop with our unique url share feature.

Compare and save

Tallo compares prices across Coles, Woolworths and Aldi. the displayed prices are updated weekly in line with the release of new specials. View the store with the most specials from the Home Screen and sort all specials by your favourite store. Our linking feature displays the products and stores with the biggest savings which are easy to view in your personalised list. Browsing is easy across the app with category and sub-categories sorting.

Liquor prices

Tallo compares liquor prices across Liquorland, Dan Murphys and BWS. Easily find your favourite drop from the stocked catalog and compare items stocked across all stores to find the best price. Add your products to a custom list and see what each item will cost week to week.

Build your shop

Our MyShop feature lets your build your shopping list each week and it sorts your items into easy to recognise categories. From the MyShop screen you are able to view the cheapest price across all 3 grocery stores and the 3 liquor stores. Our Multi-shop function will tell you if it is cheaper to split your shop across Coles, Woolworths or Aldi. Once you are ready to go shopping hit the Let's Go Shopping button to start a shopping session which includes check boxes, the ability to add items and change quantities mid shop and an easy to follow list with all items sorted into their own categories along with a running total so your don't blow your budget. When you have finished shopping your entire shop is saved to your profile section to review or re-add to your next shop.

Easily share your shopping list with our quick share feature which is handy if someone asks "need anything from the shops?"

Scan and discover

Our smart barcode scanning feature allows you to scan barcodes from your pantry and add them to a customised list or straight to your shopping list. Our barcode list is extensive but if we cant find a product by the barcode you are able to add it to our database.

Recipes and meals

Tallo features a full recipe library with our own unique family favourites. Simply find a recipe you love and it will show you all ingredients, prices and cheapest shop to purchase from. All ingredients can be added to your shopping list for easy price comparison or changed to match your favourite products. Tallo lets you plan your meals for the week by adding your recipes to breakfast, lunch or dinner slots across the full week so you don't have to think about what's for dinner.

We all love our own recipes, which is why you have an option to create your own recipes, add your ingredients and save for later.

Track your savings

Log all of your savings across all shops to see what you actually save by using Tallo. Tallo's shopping feature saves all shops to your profile and calculates savings automatically.

Everything else

Tallo was developed to help with household budgets and meal planning, we have developed this app with care and your experience at the front of our minds. We hope you enjoy using this app as much as we enjoyed creating it. Please use the in app feedback form to lets us know of things working well, or not so well.

Terms of use https://www.talloapp.com.au/terms